Registration & Preference Filling
From May 09, 2026 to May 27, 2026
Registration & Preference Filling
Last date extended up to May 30, 2026
Publication of Merit List (Round-01)
30th May, 2026
Completition of Admission Formalities (Round-01)
1st to 6th June, 2026
Publication of Merit List (Round-02)
9th June, 2026
Completition of Admission Formalities (Round-02)
10th to 15th June, 2026
Spot Round (Leftover Seats)
18th to 25th June, 2026
Start of Classwork
15th June, 2026

Admission Process
The candidate is required to carefully review the
Course Eligibility
Available Courses & Intake Capacity
Fee Structure 2026
before deciding on the programmes/courses they wish to apply for admission. In their own interest, candidates may seek further guidance in the selection of courses from the admission committee of the college.

Eligibility:
Candidates must have passed the Senior Secondary Part-II (10+2) Examination from a recognized Board/Institution. CUET is not required for admissions for the academic session 2026
Seat allocation to all Undergraduate Programmes will be based solely on the merit of the Class 12th examination.
How to Apply:
The candidates are advised to follow the step-by-step procedure outlined below to complete the admission process:

Step-1: Registration:

For applying to any Programme at GCW M.A Road Srinagar, Candidates must register on the Centralized Admission Portal @ https://jkadmissions.in/
Profile Creation: Successfully registered candidates are required to create their profile by providing the basic details, i.e. Name, parentage, Address, etc. and fill in the correct academic details of 10th and 10+2.
Eligibility Check: Candidates should read the detailed eligibility guidelines of Cluster University Srinagar for the offered Programmes The eligibility of a particular program is determined by the subjects at the 10+2 level.
Document Uploading: Candidates are required to upload the following documents
Original Senior Secondary, School Leaving Cum Character Certificate Attested by the Concerned Principal.
Self-Attested Photocopy of Secondary School Examination (10th Class) Certificate as Proof of Date of Birth.
Self-Attested Photocopy of Senior Secondary School Examination Part II (12th Class) Marks Certificate as Proof of Merit and Eligibility.
Self-Attested Photocopy of certificate from the competent authority of being Orphan / physically challenged or belonging to reserved category (if applicable).
Domicile Certificate & AADHAAR No.
Step-2 Choice/Preference Filling:

The candidate both are required to select Govt. College for Women M.A Road Srinagar from the College list and choose various Major Programmes of his/her choice in order of preference Options .
The system will display all the Choices (Major subjects) for which the candidate is eligible to apply for admission. However, if a particular Major program is not displayed, it means the candidate does not possess the requisite eligibility for the course, which can be cross-checked with the eligibility rules for the program at Eligibility check Step above.
After selecting the various Major Programmes of choices, candidates can arrange the preference according to their best choices.
Selection to a Programme shall be based purely on merit and the preferences set by the applicant. Applicants are advised to choose multiple Programmes and arrange them in order of preference to improve their chances of admission.
Step-3 Application Submission:

Candidates after carefully reading all the options must finally submit (online) the application form.
Step-4 Merit List cum Seat Allocation:

Wait for the seat allocation lists which shall be notified @ https://jkadmissions.in as per the scheduled dates.
Step-5 Completion of Admission Formalities and Opting for Other Subjects:

Visit Govt. College for Women M.A Road in person for counselling, physical document verification and to choose other related subjects alongside your selected Major, Present your documents as per the Required Document Checklist before the admission committee for verification.
The Candidate is required to select six (06) papers/Courses, which include the Major (already selected in Seat Allocation Round), Minor, Multi-Disciplinary (MD), Skill Enhancement Course (SEC), Ability Enhancement Course (AEC), and Value-Added Courses (VAC). These will be applicable across various semesters as per the Course basket
Step-6 Stay Informed:

Regularly visit the Colleges official website @ https://www.gcwmaroad.edu.in/admissions.php , to verify your assigned subjects, class roll number allotted, commencement of classwork, timetable, and other important dates, announcements, and any additional instructions.

Refund of fees on cancellation of admission
The UGC Fee Refund Policy applicable for the academic session 2024–25 shall continue to remain in force for subsequent academic sessions until revised guidelines/policy are issued by the UGC for the academic session 2026–27